docs: Draft a new guide for service contexts (#528)
redhat-developer/app-services-guides: docs/rhoas/rhoas-service-contexts/README.adoc

[source,shell,subs="+quotes",options="nowrap"]
----
Service Context Name:	development-context
Context File Location:	/home/_<user-name>_/.config/rhoas/contexts.json

Kafka
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
ID:                cafkr2jma40lhulbl1c0
Name:              my-kafka-instance
Status:            ready
Bootstrap URL:     kafka-inst-cafkr-jma--lhulbl-ca.bf2.kafka.rhcloud.com:443

Service Registry
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ID:                0aa1dd8b-63d5-466c-9de8-7c03320a81c2
Name:              my-registry-instance
Status:            ready
Registry URL:      https://bu98.serviceregistry.rhcloud.com/t/0aa1dd8b-63d5-466c-9de8-7c03320a81c2
----

. Create another service context.
+
[source,shell]
----
$ rhoas context create --name production-context
----
+
The new service context becomes the current context.

. Add the Kafka instance that you created earlier in the procedure to the new service context.
+
[source,shell]
----
$ rhoas context set-kafka --name my-kafka-instance
----
+
The Kafka instance is now part of both of the service contexts that you created.

> . To remove a particular service from a context, use the `context unset` command with the `--services` flag and specify the service name, for example, `kafka` or `service-registry`. An example is shown.

Reviewer: This might work better as a note, since you're not explicitly asking the user to remove a service from the context.

Author: Yes, that's a good suggestion. Will do.

> . To remove _all_ instances of a particular service from a context, use the `context unset` command with the `--services` flag and specify the service name, for example, `kafka` or `service-registry`. An example is shown.

Reviewer 2: > remove _all_ instances of a particular service

This looks bit redundant as context can only have one instance of a given service.

+

> .Example command to remove all Kafka instances from context

Reviewer 2: Apologies I missed this one during 
```suggestion
.Example command to remove Kafka instance from context
```

Author: > Apologies I missed this one during

Ah, I should have caught that one myself - thanks! :relaxed:

[source,shell]
----
$ rhoas context unset --name development-context --services kafka
----

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources
* To learn more about the `context` commands that you can use to manage service contexts, see https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_application_services/1/guide/8bd088a6-b7b7-4e5d-832a-b0f0494f9070[CLI command reference (rhoas)^]

[id="proc-generating-connection-information-quarkus_{context}"]

> == Generating connection configuration information for a Quarkus application

Reviewer: The intro to this guide talks about connecting client applications (generically), but only documents connecting one particular type of client using one particular method (.env). Did you intend to document additional connection methods as they are available?

----
+
As shown in the example, the file that you generate contains the endpoints for your service instances, and the credentials required to connect to those instances. The CLI automatically created a service account (under the environment variable name `RHOAS_CLIENT_ID`) that client applications can use to authenticate with the Kafka and {registry} instances.

. Set Access Control List (ACL) permissions to enable the new service account to access resources in the Kafka instance.
+
.Example command for granting access to Kafka instance
[source,shell]
----
$ rhoas kafka acl grant-access --producer --consumer --service-account srvc-acct-14295e3c-f72d-4bae-876c-3172a96eb7eb --topic quotes --group all
----
+
The command you entered allows applications to use the service account to produce and consume messages in the `quotes` topic. Applications can use any consumer group and producer.

. Use Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) to enable the new service account to access the {registry} instance and the artifacts (such as schemas) that it contains.
+
.Example command for granting access to {registry} instance
[source,shell]
----

> $ rhoas service-registry role add --role manager --service-account srvc-acct-14295e3c-f72d-4bae-876c-3172a96eb7eb

Reviewer 3: This is fine, but the developer role might be more appropriate for a service account for this use-case.
